================================
EXT:solrfluid Releasenotes 1.0.0
================================

We're very happy to announce the release of EXT:solrfluid 1.0.0 today. EXT:solrfluid allows you to render your search results with the fluid templating engine.

Key Features
============

With solr fluid we provide the following key features:

**Flexible Domain Model to render Search Results and Facets**

Solr fluid extends the domain model of EXT:solr and provides a re-implementation of the facets to have an optimal domain model for rendering in the view.

**Documentation included**

With EXT:solrfluid 1.0.0 we ship a documentation of the extension in the rst format. This should help you to get started with EXT:solrfluid very quickly.

**High Performance**

To ensure the performance of solrfluid is excellent we did several profiling sessions. Beside small adjustments we did the following bigger optimizations:

*Compilable ViewHelpers*

Most of the ViewHelpers that we ship in solrfluid are compileable. TYPO3 compiles them into a single PHP closure and caches them in the filesystem. With this approach ViewHelpers in EXT:solr are build to be fast.

*Smart Link Building*

Since links for new facets are often the same, the typolink calls are replaced with markers and cached to reduce the creation of links to a minimum.

*Ajaxified Search Results*

When you browse in the results page, all subpages can be retrieved with ajax over a custom TYPO3 pagetype. Since the overhead is much less, a sub-request, is more then two times faster then a regular request.

*Unit and Integration tested*

At the beginning we started with porting the existing integration tests from EXT:solr to EXT:solrfluid and re implement the frontend rendering based on that.
Beside that, we tried to cover new code with unit test. All changes that are done, are checked with travis-ci to make sure that the quality of the code is good.

Minor Features
==============

Beside that solrfluid provides some minor features that simplify the implementation of solr projects

*Easy Filter configuration in the backend*

When you add a new Plugin instance of EXT:solr in the TYPO3 Backend you can now simply configure the entry filters with a flexform. The flexform shows you the available fields from the solr server that can be used to create filters.

*Single View for solr documents*

The SearchController provides a detailAction. It requires the arguments $documentId and can be used to render a single view of a solr document directly with fluid.

If you want to know more details about the features and how to use them, you should read the documentation, that is linked below this article.

Thanks
======

Thanks to the following contributors and partners that supported the work on solrfluid.

* Frans Saris:

Thanks for working on the fluid integration and a productive codesprint in Venlo.

* Daniel Siepmann

Thanks for using solrfluid and contributing to the backend and documentation.

* Edward Lenssen

Thanks for hosting the first codesprint @beechit.

* Olivier Dobberkau

Thanks for supporting the codesprint and the development.

In addition we also want to say "thank you" to all of our EB Partners that subscribed a new partnership for 2016:

* Bank CIC AG
* CS2 AG
* Cosmoblone GmbH
* Daniz online markting
* datenwerk innovationsagentur gmbh
* die_schnittsteller GmbH
* E-magineurs
* Fernando Hernáez Lopez
* Future Connection AG
* Hirsch & Wölfl GmbH
* hs-digital GmbH
* L.N. Schaffrath DigitalMedien GmbH
* pixolith GmbH & Co. KG
* Q3i GmbH & Co. KG
* RUAG Corporate Services AG
* ST3 Elkartea
* Star Finanz-Software Entwicklung und Vertriebs GmbH
* Stefan Galinski Interndienstleistungen
* Systime A/S
* websedit AG - Internetagentur
* Webstobe GmbH
* web-vision GmbH

How to get it?
==============

All EB partner can download the release 1.0 from our download page. Not yet a partner? Call dkd +49 (0)69 - 247 52 18-0 to sign up for a partner ship and be one of the first users of solrfluid.


